Add manual pagination (#41)
humanmade/repress: docs/archives.md

## Pagination

Pagination support for archives is included out of the box. You can use either infinite scroll style ("more") or manual pagination.

> With more pagination, your component will receive all posts Repress has loaded. When you load more posts, it will append these to the list of posts, and your component will receive this via the `posts` prop.

Reviewer: It seems this should be `"more"` pagination, or More Pagination? It reads quite confusingly when it's read as "With extra pagination"

Author: I'll rename to `more-style pagination`.

```

### Manual Pagination

For manual pagination, use the `withPagedArchive` HOC instead of `withArchive`. This allows you to manually specify the page of the archive to load, and ignores Repress's internal page counter. Additionally, only the current page of items is passed to your component.

> This HOC passes the same props as `withArchive`, with the following differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Higher Order Component passes the same props as `withArchive`, with the following differences:
```

Author: HOC is already used consistently throughout the docs (and defined the first time it's used).

* `page` (`Number`): The current page being viewed.
* `totalPages` (`Number`): Total number of pages available for the archive.

The archive page to load should be passed via the `page` prop to your component. To override this behaviour, you can pass a `getPage` function in the `options` parameter to the HOC:

* `getPage` (`Function`: `object => Number`): Map passed props to the page number. By default, this is `props => props.page`.

`onLoadMore` is automatically called for you when the page changes. You can use `this.props.hasMore` to determine whether to show navigation to the next page, and you can check `this.props.page > 1` to determine whether to show navigation to the previous page.

For example, the following component renders a simple list of posts with navigation to browse back and forth:

```js
function Blog( props ) {
	const { hasMore, loading, loadingMore, page, posts } = props;

	if ( loading ) {
		return <div>Loading…</div>;
	}

	if ( ! posts ) {
		return <div>No posts</div>;
	}

	return <div>
		<ol>
			{ posts.map( post =>
				<li key={ post.id }>{ post.title.rendered }</li>
			) }
		</ol>

		{ loadingMore ?
			<p>Loading more…</p>
		: (

> 			<div>

Reviewer: This `<div>` is never closed.

				{ hasMore ? (
					<button
						type="button"

> 						onClick={ () => props.onOlder() }

Reviewer: Can this just be `props.onOlder`

Author: Yes, but copying the pattern from above.
